you know spending time with family
around the holidays is great but it can
be stressful too you know they say you
can't go home again unfortunately it's
not true you can and at Christmas we do
so we asked some of the people who work
here at our show to share the one thing
they dread most about heading home for
the holidays and this is what they had
to say
[Music]
the thing I dread most about going home
for the holidays is that even though I'm
an adult and I live with my boyfriend I
still have to ask permission for him to
come over to my parents house and there
has to be an adult at all times at all
times
the thing I'm dreading most about going
home for the holidays is my parents I
have only one television and they hog it
and they only watch British law dramas
what I'm dreading about the holidays is
I go back home and visit my cousin Ricky
and his wife Judy and they are very
passionate love makers I was there with
my small children a couple years ago and
upstairs we heard and my youngest Enzo
said what is that that I said it's Santa
Claus he I must be stuck in a chimney
had to stop him and eventually it
stopped and I told them I guess Santa's
not stuck in the chimney anymore so
we're staying in a hotel this year love
you guys happy holidays
my aunt's asked me if I'm dating
somebody and it's usually within like
five minutes of me being there and I'm
doing a lot more things with my life
than dating people so it's fun try
sitting in traffic for hours and hours
just to get to some place that you don't
really want to go to to spend time with
people you don't really want to see my
deal holiday would be not going anywhere
and spending it alone okay so I have to
spend $2,500 to fly my family to New
York 150 on baggage fees another $200
for car service I'm gonna stay in the
room I grew up in which pretty much has
a twin bed my dad puts the heat up to
about 80 to 85 and then my dad just told
me I'm not gonna get a tree this year
it's too much of a hassle so Merry
Christmas kids 40 years ago my dad found
a dead deer mouse on the side of the
highway
he skinned it stopped it and preserved
it he's been putting it on our Christmas
tree ever since
it's a weird tradition daddy mo remind
me when we get back to fire him okay
I will for sure good hi I'm Judy Kim oh
I hope you enjoyed that video hit
subscribe and all your dreams will come
true assuming your dreams are to watch
more YouTube videos